feat: add commands page (#844)
nuxt/nuxtjs.org: content/en/guides/configuration-glossary/configuration-loading-indicator.md

---
title: 'The loading indicator Property'
description: Show fancy loading indicator while page is loading!
menu: loadingIndicator
category: configuration-glossary
position: 16
---

> Show fancy loading indicator while page is loading!

> When running Nuxt.js with `ssr` set to `false`, there is no content from the server side on the first page load. So, instead of showing a blank page while the page loads, we may show a spinner.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Without Server Side Rendering (when `ssr` option is `false`), there is no content from the server side on the first page load. So, instead of showing a blank page while the page loads, we may show a spinner.
```
